Update joystick docs based on new mapping (#58)
OpenSpace/OpenSpace-Docs: using-openspace/navigation/joystick.md

# Joystick Navigation

> In addition to keyboard and mouse controls, OpenSpace also supports game controllers (such as Xbox controllers) and SpaceMouse devices. To use one of these controllers, simply connect it and make sure to include its corresponding `.asset` file in your profile, or simply drag-and-drop the asset file into OpenSpace when it is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to keyboard and mouse controls, OpenSpace also supports game controllers (such as Xbox controllers) and SpaceMouse devices. To use one of these controllers, connect it and make sure to include its corresponding `.asset` file in your profile, or either drag-and-drop the asset file into OpenSpace when it is running or pick it from the Asset window.
```

| Tilt up/down | Pan camera up/down |
| Left button | Switch to local roll mode (Default) |
| Right button | Switch to global roll mode |
:::

::::
:::::

## Customizing the Joystick Navigation
It is possible to customize the joystick navigation to your own liking. However, this will require some editing in the asset files, for an in-depth guide on how to do this see [Joystick Customization](joystick-customization). There you can also read more about how to define your own asset for a controller that OpenSpace does not yet provide an asset.

## Issues and Solutions
Here is a list of some issues you can encounter related to the controllers and some tips on how to fix them.

:::{dropdown} OpenSpace Does Not React to Controller Input  ([Link](#joystick-issue-noinput))

> (joystick-issue-noinput)=

Author: This is on purpose, to make the dropdown open when the link is navigated to. 

Otherwise, it's impossible to know which issue the link is referring to
